(DOCSP-45646) Pillar content (#47)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/operational-efficiency.txt

> .. default-domain:: mongodb

Reviewer: On lines 1-2 above, can we replace the meta robots with :noprevnext:? I think now that we have content here we can index the pages. This applies for all of these former drawer pages.

The Operational Efficiency pillar of the {+service+} {+waf+} includes
features that support your organization's operations with minimum
expenditure of time and effort, including tools for automation and
monitoring and alert tools and integrations.

Use the following {+atlas-arch-center+} resources to learn about
operational efficiency in {+service+}:

.. card-group::
   :columns: 2
   :style: extra-compact

   .. card::
      :headline: Automation
      :url: https://mongodb.com/docs/tbd/automation/
      :icon: general_features_automation
      :icon-alt: Atlas automation icon

      Automate resource deployment by integrating with Infrastructure as Code (IaC)
      tools to configure templates for your processes.

   .. card::
      :headline: Monitoring and Alerts
      :url: https://mongodb.com/docs/tbd/monitoring-alerts/
      :icon: general_alert_change_alert
      :icon-alt: Atlas alert configuration icon

>       Monitor system performance in real time, detect issues, and integrate
>       with your third-party observability and alerting stack.

Reviewer: Tweaking this and some others to let them know the page gives recommendations
```suggestion
      Monitor system performance, detect issues, and integrate
      with your third-party observability and alerting stack. Get recommendations on the alerts you should configure.
```
